Implement __eq__ comparison for TransformContainer and TransformProgram (#4858)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Added `ops.functions.assert_valid` for checking if an `Operator` class is defined correctly.
  [(#4764)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4764)

> * Added `__eq__` method for TransformProgram and TransformContainers allowing the comparision of respective objects with `==` and `!=` operators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `__eq__` method for TransformProgram and TransformContainers allowing the comparison of respective objects using `==` and `!=` operators.
```
